télam -
this pathology
how to use a chip how to tune your computer
to respond a dynamic range
from 23 to 21 hours
that the frequency to which the team was given and opted for world listens
let's fine-tune the team that puts us hypocrites that the most serious thing up
23 that the most acute I can hear you the human
to start another console weight
octal of the CIA that joins Chile have won yesterday
because this worsened the output
of the tdt signal is not
we connect it to a console channel
you are going to wear lewis
for mexico the console
of the fact or simply deactivates scenes enough charge by the consortium
new park work
touched and taste
just cross its volume
will go out through the console
but like the analyzer
usually supposes
or sanction him 15 to 20 feet after the murder as few do the compact thing
pujol as it is an example as I am and how it was used night
I toured but soon you are with four feet 3 feet away
or the famous vuvuzela is very small
but it has the dynamic range of the treble
of a howitzer from a large team
and we have the 15
in the case of dynamic range 2 it went down 18
in the we are going to try to get as much as possible monopolization
about what we do ildefonso
who mosquitoes
and leave the punishment
or that I recommend that the oiled put ten to answer on his part
do not see that I limited the judge ordered that sims
the bonuses for both that a few days ago
he is seven years old the sarasate stroll fighting
guillermo cheers
this opens us up to 40
what to say
the hostel limiting us contributing a lot of frequencies for that are the focus pons
the 40 bonds
the caracas
say that the counts of 40 for bass are not heard
We will not put all the effort
endured that it can not be in 10
acts get the most
that we can of a dynamic range
1 - You and the proposals of the various
it's the same as the console you receive is
let's cross analyze you have to put
because totally fracc
all
the graphic resource has buttons
and for mexico but ponce lopez
every person and pollsters grow
because it is graphic and for me
we are going to the sociologists filmmakers to the console we are going to open
and we will try
that all of you
of the analyzed as well as in the center massimo can be
we do not deserve the clients acquire launcher that indicates peking of the challenges
in the afternoon at 20 15 at the bar the pulse
of 23 also
They are 20 and mind
They want to follow 16 kilos of fertilizers and that
2 points 5 the match was with 2 5 games on said proposal
Olympus that is very low very high
in his palmarés of the internal of the particles pa'bajo because I insist
manifested
we are eight routes depart in tucson north
or to make its vigorous
fish albert pla as normally occurs the direct line
Analyzable of how it was
the only mourners is that he was not listening in your system to this
document
so everything is calibrated
all your proposal groped pimples
for that is normalized
tiven a cuba that has what it did
lasts what you comment back by team
we do not want to see that the team does not postpone the same level of treble
be serious
for that ardanza
expert not only the albos that is approximately 23
until
1 points 6
those ranges of the albos from 15 to 20
as points and say
they seem to go
Hernán Jaramillo a frequency of Fundetec Kirchner
when only a number
it's below me
They are called press
for what the young woman accuses
in Boston the voice of mickey and hundreds
up to 100
bazán ramón of means
then yahoo low more than 200 funds pontaza law
that's what we want to close 2000 the atlas eta activity in the south like
spend here not
the current format
cooking of the little ones
this would make the costs for the pass
there are some costs me a bit for the pass
i in a trend
formalized that is the microphone
this proposal goes up and down but has to see near future everything that
can to the center of the annex
they are going to feel the pressure very great your team
will notice a
efficiency
much larger
vain by giving more life to its components by the few aluminum
no frequency that does not exist within the range
this kit simply
for the facts dust
after ensuring that knowing the basses well the midfielders are all giving
How should your fears be?
that's why they add to the state
cough do not want
little by little the raul store
put you on screen
because in the box
and yes, yes, what Gonzalez calls him the usual